foreign
this is Wednesday night bible study tonight we will be covering uh a range
of topics that all center around the storm of the drugs and the Mystery
we'll be able to talk with a special guest Travis kitchens and uh hopefully make
some commotion
[Music] thank you
foreign I thought we would start out by giving
the offerings of a dead Mage a dead mogas who washed ashore recently
um he's been dead for almost 2 000 years but he was put on trial
he was put on trial for magic and uh it turned out well he he came through okay
he ended up writing a whole bunch of stuff and um yeah I just want to resurrect his
words this is a prayer and this is a prayer like I am sure you have never heard
um yeah let's hear the words of the Magus himself
o Queen of Heaven whether you are Bountiful series The
Primal mother of crops who enjoy at the recovery of your daughter took away from men their Primal animal
fodder of acorns and showed them gentler nourishment
and now dwell in the land of eluses or Heavenly Venus who at the first
foundation of the universe United the diversity of the Sexes by creating love
and propagated the human race through ever recurring progeny and now
you are worshiped on the island sanctuary apophos or
phoebus's sister who brought forth populist multitudes
by relieving the delivery of Offspring with your soothing remedies
and now are venerated at the illustrious shrine at Ephesus
or dreaded Pro serpina of the nocturnal howls
who in triple form repressed the attacks of ghosts and keep the gates to Earth closed fast
roam through widely scattered Groves and are propitiated by diverse rights
you who illumine every city with your womanly light I told you you never heard
a prayer like this nourish the joyous seeds with your moist
fires and dispense beams of fluctuating Radiance according to the convolutions
of the Sun by whatever name
with whatever right in whatever image it is meat to invoke you
that's the prayer um
tonight we're going to try to penetrate into the a world that it's hard to
believe exists there's a shock to it you won't understand it it won't feel good it
won't feel right and that's where we deep we Deep dive so I want to Deep dive
with some real life chemistry and some real life
serpents and in order to start there we're going to start in order to get there we're
going to start with Travis kitchens Travis kitchens and um Travis which
would you mind uh uh regaling us a little bit about your background with Kentucky and just lead us into the
subject Travis when most people think of Kentucky they think of the mountainous region of Kentucky people playing banjos
the whole tradition of folk music over there uh then there's Central Kentucky which is horses and bourbon then there's
Western Kentucky which the the Green River cuts right through it I'm from that region of Kentucky so my interest
in uh servant handling Colts does not really come from my background it comes from my uh participation in a study uh
at Johns Hopkins school of medicine a psychedelic clinical trial and I became interested in the background of these
studies and the science behind these studies and one of the things I found interesting about them is that um
most of their footnotes are from comparative religion and the psychology of religion and uh more specifically
William James the main measurement that Hopkins uses the hood mysticism scale was created by a man named Ralph Hood
who's a professor and psychologist at UT Chattanooga and he is an expert in serpent handling cults
um so so that's how I became interested in him and of course I said oh that's weird I never thought that the Johns
Hopkins psychedelic study you know the history of psychedelic researcher Albert Hoffman and Timothy Leary and all these
very highly educated um intellectuals and Aristocrats like Aldous Huxley I thought oh there's a
tie-in uh to what I perceived as uh Prim sort of semi-premitive religious cults
uh from Appalachia
semi-premitive religious cults do you feel where we landed boom got a little
dust up in her you can smell it semi-premitive religious cults I bet
these Cults have something to do with music and I'd like to introduce you to somebody who's actually living and
um sings yeah you're going to hear some of the heart you're going to hear some of the
heart of this old old musty burning purple mystery
yes please one day nothing of this world will
remain to say we were ever here
even our names carved in stone erased one day like we were never here
oh we live a little while and we're gone
forever leave it up to the left behind
live a little while then we're gone forevermore
so we've got snakes and we've got old cultural
conceptions of drugs and animals plants things that you can take into your body
mingled with the idea of ecstasy and
uh uh tell me Travis can we just take these atheists and tie them and Drug
them you know these studies produce all kinds of weird experiences they've done it you
know let me give you one they've done a informal survey study but they published a paper on it
um that showed that 90 of atheists who took psychedelics after one experience
weren't atheists anymore uh this is this this is dismaying too many of the
Psychedelic researchers because it makes people essentially believe in Supernatural things you have lots of
alien Alien Encounter experiences alien entity experiences um
uh telepathy many people there's reports of telepathy um out of body experiences
um speaking to dead relatives um it's the whole Panorama of Supernatural experiences so so the
answer to your question is they're having a whole lot of trouble separating those things from the therapeutic
experience because it seems to be that this experience of God is the
therapeutic benefit so we can bring therapy
we this is fantastic look what we've got we've got the cult up and running
um there's a great great psychoanalyzing
trauma healing Warrior uh with a Dr in front of his name and an
expertise in Jung and I thought I would add his quote of the day at this point
just to tie everything together and this is in the context this is in the context
of us discussing the treatment the treatment of
um the modern mind the treatment of the Soul right
um I would have given you the Water of Life and this is what we're discussing because John is right on the frontier of
that and he's writing he's in a think tank he's right in there he knows what he's doing and
where are we John what can we do go ahead yeah you can't just give some someone
her math or did it sex juice that's a lot that says a lot
that says a lot yeah where are we in Bible studies we
are in The Apocalypse of John and don't get your pants in a bunch if I tell you
that this thing was never written by a man could not have been written by a man and uh will be shown not to have been
written by a man it was written by a Sybil it was composed it's music
and we're gonna go dance with the dragon and see what that has to do with the
order of the Rose um but before we do I want to thank I I
want to thank Travis but um uh
I want to thank Travis for reaching out to artists
um who are buried and who uh try to honor the Muse this way remember
we're not all of us are here because because of the Muse you can't come to
this templum this Sacred Space that we have constructed without following the
Muse uh so so thank you Travis um we're talking about a rose and the
order thereof yeah the order of the Rose
we're going to start and end up with in the same place and that that place starts with a romance and it ends with
sappho on the Island of Lesbos yeah and the power of this Goddess that
we just prayed to and and I wanted that to stick in your minds because that is a
is a prayer that you wouldn't you wouldn't necessarily
uh associate with today in the midst of our modern culture Global the whole
thing um so I want to shock you into the common
place in antiquity where it doesn't seem odd that we have a
female that we are recognizing as the
divine power that guides us all yes the the very right author of life
um beautiful stuff could you give your yellow roses now Chewie they are the yellow flowers that bring
those Sprouts smells and maple sweet rounds
[Music] they look so nice they seem to sound
like a Cascade flowing from a tall and Long Bay and up
above every single little one this is the bride and wonder if son don't you
feel so alive when you have undergone who under his presence
[Music] thank you
[Music]
now you see the image of the budding Rose
this image I am transferring to you so that you will be
able to sit within the mind of our ancient audience this budding this
swelling um this is the orge this is the we're about to look at a passage it's the orge
it's the moment that we're all looking for it's while we're all here right
um and this moment is going to appear in the 12th chapter
of the book of John's called The Apocalypse
yes I want to look at this section I want to look at the dragon and you remember this
is about the woman who's having the child and it's about the dragon and it's
about this inner inner relationship
and the chasing yes yes let's look at the text shall we pull up the Greek please
fantastic I'm one step behind just give me a second and I'm gonna move my chair
over so you can see just this just the side of my face you might as well
um yeah yeah verse 13 here yeah
when the dragon saw that he was thrown to the Earth
yeah dyoko to pursue to pursue to pursue this is this is a good word because it
can be for the sake of advances a passion a passion a consuming passion a Pursuit
good good yeah uh um hate this ethic and Don arson
the one that bore the child like I told you and uh it was given to her what was
given her Duo
oh this is wonderful now this is where you might you might profit by coming
tonight you might profit here this is the best place to learn this are you
ready because you're not gonna find it elsewhere right nobody's nobody cares
um look at this she has two Wings they were giving her two wings but it says
Wings to which in an eye to is translated as an
eagle can we bring A2 up please yes
yeah look at this this is a wonderful lovely lovely word here whoops I'm sorry
this is a lovely word here you're gonna love this an eagle notice what they say an eagle as a bird
of omen an eagle has a bird of omen it's very important that you see the omen there remember they don't see the same
Eagle that you do surprise here we go Eagle is a standard that's nice number two omen
so an eagle can be an omen excellent
um look at number five is the name of a bandage that's cool obviously from the
shape uh and the temporal nice uh look at numbers eight
in astrology and Magic it's a fabulous plant growing in Libya
that's that's from Galen penphilis Opera Galen yeah so that's where you get a lot
of your your your uh your good info from those dots but let's um listen to me
this Eagle it's not just any Eagle if we can pull up the text again this is the
evil which one to I to to megalu and by the way there is a daigama it's awetu or
awetos is it's got the diagram it's an old old Mycenaean word old
excellent I love pointing pointing out there again we're gonna have a club of dagamas
um what which one the eagle megalu this is the title of the one the Great
Eagle the one that represents and accompanies Zeus god
do you hear me god Zeus
the Eagles wings were given to her
and to this woman and not just any Eagles but the great
Eagles this great Eagle is the same one that you have seen who stands over Prometheus
and removes his liver eats out his liver
and as Valerius flacus would tell you that eagle is the medwa the Medea
foreign so now okay now what do we have we have
a little bit of context in here we have a little bit of you know linguistic fingerprintery so that we can say well
what is this text really talking about what's going on yes okay so let's go
down let's go down to verse 17 Kai orgiste dracon
and the dragon or giste bring me up I
need everybody to see this this is huge the dragon did what
to the woman yeah yeah
literally positionally over her what is he doing he's he's orgotten
can we see what this verb orgao is please
oh it's okay yes there we go you got the right one thank you Chewie uh I want you
to look at oh now if I can find the right one take a look at this my great
my great multitude oh there it is
okay here's mine um nice nice nice to be getting ready to
Bear okay so this is a verb and it means to be getting ready to Bear to be
getting ready to Bear what to pop pop boom right it's that moment boom that
explosion boom of Life boom love it growing ripe for something right it's
time you're growing ripe you see the rose the order of the Rose you're growing ripe right nice swelling
swelling something swelling look at number Roman numeral number two of men
it's like oh frigato to swell with lust
or to wax wanton or to be rampant
is anyone else being rampant I'm not quite sure what that means
exactly I don't even know what to wax wanton really is
um but I understand to swell with lust that I understand thank you those
victorians a round of applause for the victorians yes we um to be in heat to desire sexual
intercourse yes be in heat remember these are
farming cultures that we're talking about they've got livestock they've seen the
cattle when they come into estrus wait a minute did somebody say estrus
that's a profound moment
[Music]
foreign [Music]
it's Easter time that's when you do the estrus right
fantastic the Germans worshiped her what what was her name oh stara I think
beautiful stuff oh this is you you can't look you can't dive too deep into this
material you you really can't so here's our verb orgao you know meaning to wax
wanton right to wax wanton so from that verb we derive a whole slew of different
org roots and we've get or gay or gay okay
um natural impulse or propensity right to have a here's the now it's an
abstract noun a natural temperament disposition but then look at Roman
numeral number two it also means anger a person at the point of that orgasm is
the is at the point of extreme anger wow
and that anger is the same as that romantic sexual passion
wow it must be quite a place to be taken
um by a priestess um with the right Pharmaceuticals
wow okay that's fantastic you know hail Satan right let's get our bucket chorus
going tear up into the mountains and steal some babies
yeah there's baby stealing I'm sorry it's the blood
okay anyway um let's go to um
I want to show you one more verb that is related and that is
um yep there wait nope that's not here we
go yep ah there we are um look at this
to be full to bursting to be plump especially of a woman's breasts
so the idea of the life there the nourishment the generation the beginning
and all that kind of stuff the milk I I love to ask Dr Carl Rock about ancient
milks what kind of milks are there you know um he wrote an entire work on
um fluids that come out of the body fantastic stuff love it sweats anyway
uh look at this verb generally of young persons or high-fed horses
I'm not quite sure where the yeah I mean I I love horses and I took
care of horses but I'm not quite sure what he's going for there Etc to be fresh vigorous in full health
or strength that bloom the idea of the bloom is in this word it's in this root system
that's following the org roots and it's the idea of the budding to completion
kind of a cycle of life right the efflorescence of the beauty
is there the budding of the rose right blossoming nice I'm looking number four
swell with desire or again to be at heat so specifically the period of estrus and
why is it that we are so interested in the estrus because that is
um everything within the cult that is the Morning Star let's go back to our
text um I've told I told you from last week I want to make sure that you understand
that the throne because I want you to to be able to facilitate your initiation into the
satanic um way saturnian way and in in order to do that
you really need to understand the direction that you're going you're going to
unravel to find out what that source is from the various bottom and you're going to work with that source to build what
is the real right it's um it's a complete reason is
all that we can have to guide us bring us back to the text please Chewie
mm-hmm yes so what happened uh verse 17.
so he did that orge on her right good
good good good good good good okay okay so and then he goes on to make war
with seed um so where are we
um how do we find uh the meaning behind
what he's saying with this with this woman and um this
dracon what is the original right so
um we're not looking at the fiction we don't want the fairy tale side we want the the real side
so I showed you for just a minute I showed you the reference to the goddess
who relieves the Pains of birth I showed you that and I want us to
realize that the estrus or the oistress
is that chemical it's the it's the concrete real bond that we have with
this history is that chemical the worshipers of Diana
um who was one of this Great Goddess that we all are drawn to who we'll call
Dawn and we'll say that Lucifer's job is to bring that Dawn
to you to bring her wisdom is out in the street she's crying out there saying if you
take me in I'll stay with you fantastic uh so here we are with the
here we are with the dragon and the estrus the oistress so
um we are all engaging in something that is developed and supported by the images that are
being generated by women who are in this way
and these women can burn off your mortality
okay you can enter into a state
through a combination of music or song they say or the song is the most
important element in combination with Pharmaceuticals
to interact with the Risen
form they called it the Risen form
and that's why we're all here in the apocalypse right what do you think that what did you think was being revealed
right would you yeah an apocalypse is a revelation it's a revelation and with
that the stroke of 7 30 comes and I I just want to leave you with an
impression um with an impression
yeah as as we progress I want you to be
able to sit on the throne what what does that mean the Throne of
Satan what is the Throne of Satan you can watch a thousand shows you can watch a
thousand shows you can watch a thousand episodes on YouTube all about The Throne
of Satan and none of them are correct none of them
tonight I offer you shut up young I offer you
the Throne of Satan it what is the Throne of Satan it is the
place from which the satanic power is
exercised it is the star
and if you draw down the star
you can use the images provided by the Dead
to be born again
you know you asked about magic last week and and wanting to do the magic
until you are sitting on that Throne the physics are explained this way when it
gets into physics I get sort of Lost but the makeup the of the universe is
such that their compartments I know zones yeah and in these zones one of
them is called the Wilderness in Greek that is where the power of the saturnian
Reigns Reigns in the wilderness so anytime you see somebody pulled from
uranos which we see in the apocalypse 12 pulled from Uranus
and shot into the wilderness
then um you're seeing a an explanation an analog of uh how the
physics work between the two Dimensions that are overlapping okay and I can't go there
um yeah um but what I can do is tell you how they presented this is accessible to you
right because we're all here obviously if you're listening to me is anybody not here yeah yeah
um but in the eremon in that Wilderness and uh we'll see that come up
um uh you are have certain rulers in certain places this is again analog right
so you have certain rulers in certain places and Lucifer
is the ruler of this world
your access to that Authority cut and that power
more like October toss but anyway that power comes through the star I am
telling you what the texts have told me through the Muse it comes through
asterian that's how the oistress
allows us to become oyster Maniacs looking for Historia
yeah it's gorgeous so
um for those of you who have ears to hear you will understand
the star um uh yeah and maybe now you'll be interested
in the order of the Rose uh Chewie would you mind giving our
thanks to Travis kitchens um I just want to I just want to thank
Travis kitchens uh could we play the thanks to Travis kitchens
[Music] thank you
and for the rest of you I have uh a couple of questions
um to answer and I'm going to save those because there there's two that are directly relevant to
um Friday nights a satanic initiation our saba and I want everybody there
who can to be seated on the throne
yes yeah and then maybe we can enter that state
the orgiastic
mental Quantum state
yeah glorious glorious stuff love it we're gonna follow the Beast uh and and
unfold these texts as you can see exactly what's being said no BS here
just exactly what it says when it says the seal is a drug that you put in your
inserting your rectum is a suppository right when you break those seals oh now
you start to get it yeah welcome welcome be on that Throne next week and hail
Satan [Music]